1. What is your long term goal or career pathway?

for the short term, If I can complete the program and then find a low level juniour position taht would be great, I do not know how realistic that is though,
If I push myself in the program I think that might be realistic.I think that will require me to take time every day to think and reflect about what exactly it is that I am working on 
and why I should push myself. 

for an end carrer goal I feel conflicted. I like working in python and doing ML I also really like algorithoms, so somthing where I can use those skills would be cool. I dislike doing UI and UX.
Im not really sure what to exepct in the years to come and how that will shape the technology industry, I dont know how AI will shape the industry in years to come.
I guess it makes me feel a little bit anxious to get into it, as if im , but the future is always full of uncertainty its imposible to say where I will be 5 years from now.

the best thing I can really do is try to keep building things and to learn new things and see what Im good at and see what I enjoy.




2. description of your strengths and limitations when it comes to learning

I can be arogant somtimes and can feel like I know things when ive only got a surface level understanding, I need to take a more humble approach.
I can struggle to get help from people, I dont want to feel like Im wasting someones time.
Im more likely to focus on the things that I am already good at than the areas that I am lacking and can justify to myself that it was never important.

its hard to access what you know and what you dont know when you havent built somthing before, Ive built small programs that work so its given me a bit of confidence, but if I wanted to 
make somthing that I considerd finished, I would discover a lot of gaps in my knowledge. I would probably say peak dunning kruger in a lot of ways, so its going to be interesting over the next few months.

my motivation can also be a bit inconsistent, where I can have big bursts of energy and focus where I get a lot of things done and then there are times where I dont really want to work on anything and everything is hard
and nothing makes sense and its hard to work on somthing for more than an hour or 2, I think that I really need to spend some time thinking about this, like just spending time each day trying to reflect on why Im here 
and what I am doing with my time. I do find the idea that there isnt really a pass or a fail really apealing and that the reason you are here is to learn and to do good work, which can feel like I have more of a purpose.
zzzz anyway enough bullshit. But I just need to remember that I probably wont have as much freedom and control over how I spend my time in the future and that now is probably the best opurtinity to push myself and 
teach myself new skills


My strengths is probably that I am good at problem solving, usualy if there is a problem that I dont know how to solve then I will thinkl of all the possible solutions that I can, 
then reasearch the solutions then try to implement the best one, This can be quite good, becuase in looking for solutions to a problem even if you dont use that for the current probelm,
often increasing your understanding of the system and removing black boxes give you a more intuitive and dynamic understanding that can lead to you intuitivley solving problems in the future
rather than having to look somthing up, but this isnt that often though, most things are still just heirogliphs to me.




3. What skills (non-technical core/human skills) would you like to see developed in yourself while at Dev Academy?

This one seems a bit broader, like what would i like to change about myself.

I want to be better at comunicating.
when I talk it can often feel like my thoughts are very unstructed and confused and it can feel like there is not very much certinty to what I say, I want to stop using the word "maybe" and "like" 
and "I think" and "I feel like ", when I take I make it too subjective and I want to try make things more objective.



4. A commitment to how you will manage your workload in this programme.

I dont really know what kind of stuff it would be aside from "60 hours a week".
get better at scheduling my time, get more effecient with the work I do , reflect each day on how im going to spend my time over the next few months and what im sacrificing to be here and how the best use of my 
time and energy is to get the most of this programme. I need to remove my sense of doubt or uncertainty becuase that will only lead to negative things. everything will be ok

